# Jet Propulsion System Simulator

ModelicaDEVS offers a re-implementation of PowerDEVS within the Modelica framework. MultiPhaseMixtureMedia is a framework for thermodynamic properties in Modelica. NeuralFoil is an airfoil aerodynamics analysis tool using physics-informed machine learning. FLOWUnsteady is an open-source variable-fidelity framework for unsteady aerodynamics and aeroacoustics based on the reformulated vortex particle method (rVPM). ModelFLOWs is a research group at Universidad Politécnica de Madrid (Spain), School of Aerospace Engineering, specializing in data analysis, reduced order modeling, machine learning, artificial intelligence and computational fluid dynamics (CFD). This is the library of general components of thermo-fluid and thermodynamic system modeling. This is the library of thermo-fluid and thermodynamic calculation components mainly for modeling of aircraft's propulsion system. The Advanced Geared Turbofan 30,000 lbf Electrified (AGTF30-e) is an electrified geared turbofan that leverages the previously developed AGTF30 model. T-MATS is a Simulink toolbox designed for use in modeling and simulating thermodynamic systems and their controls. The OpenAP aircraft performance model is an open-source initiative designed to enhance air transport research. OpenVSP is a parametric aircraft geometry tool. The Aviary is an aircraft design, analysis, and optimization tool built on top of the Python-based optimization framework OpenMDAO. OTA is an open-source system architecture optimization. Automates steady and unsteady adjoints (general solvers and ODEs respectively). Optimization framework for nonlinear, gradient-based constrained, sparse optimization problems. Turbulence simulation and analysis using Nek5000. Ascent is an extremely fast and flexible C++ simulation engine and differential equation solver.